Nanodet C API. Onnx and Libtorch (JIT) modules implementations and Libtorch Installation. (#352)
opendr-eu/opendr: projects/python/perception/object_detection_2d/nanodet/README.md

3. train_demo.py: Fit learner to dataset. PASCAL VOC and COCO datasets are supported via `ExternalDataset` class.
   Provided is an example of training on `COCO dataset`. The user must set the dataset type using the `--dataset`
   argument and provide the dataset root path with the `--data-root` argument. Setting the config file for the specific
   model is done with `--model "wanted model name"`. Setting `--device cpu` performs training on CPU. Additional command
   line arguments can be set to overwrite various training hyperparameters from the provided config file, and running
   `python3 train_demo.py -h` prints information about them on stdout.

    Example usage:
   `python3 train_demo.py --model plus-m_416 --dataset coco --data-root /path/to/coco_dataset`

4. export_onnx: Export the pretrained model into the onnx optimization format. Setting the config file for the specific
   model is done with `--model "wanted model name"`. Setting `--device cpu` performs the optimization inference on CPU.
   Note: Onnx model only runs the inference of the actual model. If you want the preprocessing of the output you must use jit optimization.

>    It is recommended to additionally install the onnxsim dependencies with `pip install onnxsim` for smaller and better optimized models.

Author: Because it is not stricly needed and do not always provide better optimizations I think it is better to have it in recommendations and do not add extra dependencies. I have speak with @passalis for this reason.
I will keep the suggestions that specifies the user to initialize the OpenDR virtual env tho.
Additionaly in script I have a try - except that also said the user to install it.

If you still think that is is better to add it to dependencies, tell me.
Otherwise please resolve this conversation because I change the README acording to your suggestions.

>    It is recommended to additionally install the onnxsim dependencies with `pip install onnxsim` for smaller and better optimized models.

Reviewer: Alright, thanks!

   model is done with `--model "wanted model name"`. Setting `--device cpu` performs training on CPU. Additional command
   line arguments can be set to overwrite various training hyperparameters from the provided config file, and running 
   `python3 train_demo.py -h` prints information about them on stdout.

    Example usage:
   `python3 train_demo.py --model plus-m_416 --dataset coco --data-root /path/to/coco_dataset`

4. export_onnx: Export the pretrained model into the onnx optimization format. Setting the config file for the specific
   model is done with `--model "wanted model name"`. Setting `--device cpu` performs the optimization inference on CPU.

>    Notes! Onnx model is only run the inference of the actual model. If you want the preprocessing of the output you must use jit optimization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Note: Onnx model only runs the inference of the actual model. If you want the preprocessing of the output you must use jit optimization.
```

Reviewer 2: I think this is what you meant

>    It is recomended to install additional the onnxsim dependencies with `pip install onnxsim` for smaller and better optimized models.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   It is recommended to additionally install the onnxsim dependencies with `pip install onnxsim` for smaller and better optimized models.
```

5. export_torchscript: Export the pretrained model into the Jit optimization format. Setting the config file for the specific
   model is done with `--model "wanted model name"`. Setting `--device cpu` performs the optimization inference on CPU. 

>    Note! If you're planning on using c api, Jit optimization is preferred, so it can be used for the same postprocessing of the output 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Note: if you're planning on using C api, Jit optimization is preferred, so it can be used for the same postprocessing of the output 
```
